21.1.5 update (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/out-of-maintenance-wpf-dock-layout-manager-use-data-contexts-for-layout-items-and-their-child-contro: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E2288)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# WPF Dock Layout Manager - Use DataContexts for LayoutItems and Their Child Controls

This example uses **DataContexts** with layout items.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12169834/175366187-e8830ef4-f547-4700-90ff-f9a375fd7156.png" width=575px/>

> In this example, a **DataContext** is set for the [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager). A label (FixedItem) that is positioned within a top panel is bound to a property on this **DataContext**. 

Reviewer: `A label (FixedItem) that is positioned within a top panel is bound to a property on this **DataContext**.`

Is "on" the correct preposition in this technical context?

Author: ```suggestion
In this example, a **DataContext** is set for the [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager). A label (FixedItem) that is positioned within a top panel is bound to a property from this **DataContext**. 

```

> The FixedItem object is not a FrameworkElement. To bind it to the inherited **DataContext**, the Binding.Path attribute must be specified with the explicit syntax, plus Relative Source Mode must be set to **Self**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FixedItem object is not a FrameworkElement. To bind it to the inherited **DataContext**, the Binding.Path attribute must be specified with explicit syntax, plus Relative Source Mode must be set to **Self**:
```

```Xaml
Text="{Binding Path=DataContext.Description, RelativeSource={RelativeSource Mode=Self}}"

```

> Another **DataContext** is set for the _panelPerson1_ panel, overriding the default **DataContext** (that is inherited from the [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager)). TextBox controls are FrameworkElements that support the standard binding mechanism. You can use an implicit and explicit syntaxes to bound them to properties from this **DataContext**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another **DataContext** is set for the _panelPerson1_ panel, overriding the default **DataContext** (which is inherited from the [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager)). TextBox controls are FrameworkElements that support the standard binding mechanism. You can use implicit and explicit syntaxes to bind them to properties from this **DataContext**:
```

```Xaml
Text="{Binding Title}"

```

> Another [DataContext](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager) is set for a group that display _panelPerson2Name_ and _panelPerson2Address_ panels. These panels and their elements inherit the **DataContext**. You can use the implicit syntax to bound TextBox controls that placed in these panels to properties from the inherited [DataContext](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another [DataContext](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager) is set for a group that displays _panelPerson2Name_ and _panelPerson2Address_ panels. These panels and their elements inherit the **DataContext**. You can use implicit syntax to bind TextBox controls that are placed in these panels to properties from the inherited [DataContext](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager).
```
